Ideas
	
	Features:
		On-land towns and villages
			Containing shops, taverns, etc
			
			Consider generating islands rather than terrain
		Pirate AI (in neutral waters)
			They are just AI ships that can be interacted with. They are usually hostile and can be destroyed for resources, added to fleet, etc
			Hostility demands gold, prisoners, or a fight
		Fleets
			Up to 3 ships (inc. own) can travel with you, rest must be docked/anchored or assigned to a task
			Other ships may be assigned to timed tasks (i.e. to collect resources)
			Fleet must be kept happy? (tie into character system perhaps? Mutinies? - If a character mutinies then he just runs off - if an entire
				ship mutinies then you will have to fight it)
			Captain required for each ship (if captain mutinies, you lose ship)
		Character Levelling/Profession
			Potentially tech tree?
			Training task?
			Senior characters must train subordinate
				If there is no senior for a profession, then someone from a town must be sought
				If is very hard/impossible to train a captain, therefore making it more viable to buy them from a town?
					This would make sure that it isn't too easy to have tonnes of ships immediately, but will see what works
			Loyalty system for characters allowing them to go into certain professions
				Could affect how the character acts depending on how loyal they are, e.g. if you have a surgeon that is not very loyal then
					they are prone to doing "experiments" on your crew and may not be very good at their job in general
			
			I think this needs to be kept simple, but at the same time have enough depth for it to be a) worthwhile, and b) fun and interesting
			This balance will be crucial to making it not overbearing but still a good feature.
		Character Interactions
			Rape
			Torture
			Prisoners
			Cannibalism
			Make someone walk the plank (system to remove crew members)
			Black Spot (Placing a hit on someone)
		HUD
			All text in game written in pirate speak
				YES, ALL OF IT
					BY DEFAULT
						PENALISATION OF THOSE WHO DISABLE IT
							(OR JUST A FUNNY MESSAGE TO TAKE THE PISS)
		Animals
			Sharks
			Dolphins
			Cthulhu (only 1 per map, (submarine required, deep sea,?) when you get close you get an achievement but your crew go mad and die 
				and Cthulhu destroys your ship. If you have any women aboard, tentacle hentai ensues.)
			
		
	Resources:
		Wood - obtained in barrels on the ocean, obtained from trees on islands
		Scrap Metal - obtained in barrels on the ocean, can be found on beaches
		Cloth - obtained in barrels on the ocean, can be obtained from cotton plants on islands?
		(Characters) - recruited from islands? Can just be grabbed? (should be task) Need to be bribed with food? Can be taken prisoner?
		Food? - Can go fishing? Can grab fruit from islands? Required to nourish and keep characters (they die or revolt without food?)
		Coral - Can be collected from reefs, used as weaponry and armour?
		Stone blocks - Can be collected from rocky outcrops, required to make anchors, very heavy
		Steel, Silver, Gold - Can be mined from islands? Dropped by characters, some aboard AI ships, etc?
		Consider adding animals - Sheep (Wool, Mutton), Cows (Milk, Beef)
		*Consider medical system - body part resources?* Surgeons/Physicians? Illness from islands (consider island towns and brothels)
		Ammunition/Gunpowder/Cannonballs? Start with some, craft from scrap metal or find on islands?
		More in-depth systems (type of food, type of coral, etc)?
		Rum, Tobacco - Used to keep characters happy
	Tiles:
		Wooden Planks - weak, buoyant, light
		Offboard Motor? - heavy, fairly durable, requires scrap?
		Sail (multitile construction) - very large, fairly heavy, massive thrust. Can be climbed to provide lookout informaiton?
		Rudder (multitile construction) - fairly heavy, large torque from speed
		Anchor (multitile construction?) - very heavy, extreme thrust(drag)
		Metal hull (dynamic parttile? how to polygon?) - fairly heavy, extremely durable
		Spiked hull (dynamic parttile?) - fairly heavy, requires more metal, fairly durable, higher drag, deals more damage and grabs barrels?
		Bitts (mooring bollards) - heavy, can be used to tie mooring lines.
		Planks (multitile construction) - can be used for dry boarding (has no collisions~)
		Cannon (multitile construction) - very heavy, can be used to fire cannonballs.
		Mounted crossbow? - light, fairly fast fire rate, low damage
		Mini Trebuchet - fires barrels of oil and flaming arrows.....
		Stairs (multilevel construction) - used to transfer between layers
		Oar - allows for faster thrust than paddeling, has a task fulfillment. (single and double?)
		Bed/Bunk/Hammock - can be given for characters to sleep, helps keep them happy, consider day/night cycle?
		Table - used by characters to socialise
		Walls (dynamic parttile?) - used in layers to provide full protection
		Doors - used to seperate walls
		Windows - allows shooting though, boarding through is difficult.
		Low wall - used to act as some cover above deck.
		Boat wheel - required to steer the boat(?)
		Sail rudder combo for very small boats?
		Drums - 
		Grapples - used to tether a boat to an enemy boat during a boarding operation
		Prison bars+doors? - used to create cages for prisoners
		Figurehead? - possibly design-your-own, send as Image.
		Ram - extremely durable, heavy, and may only be crafted in a certain shape (pointed). Used to shunt other boats.
	Task system notes/ideas:
		Deck swabbing - cleans boat
		Bail water - used to reduce flooding within the ship
		Dancing - 
	Animation system specs:
		Animations should be eventually be loaded in via a texture handler, where you can specify the size of the image and the number of frames.
		Animations should then be stored within the code, potentially as an ordered collection of BufferedImage?
		The animations should be drawn somehow, potentially from an Entity.draw() and Tile.draw() method, in which case the
			method queries various variables and decides upon the texture to return. (consider how to implement native JFrame
			animations?)
		Animations required:
			Characters:
				- swimming
				- walking
				- paddling(?)
				- building/constructing/working
			Water:
				- flowing
				- particles for motors/paddles?
		
	Sources and stuff:
		Check out https://game-development.zeef.com/david.arcila